config.md, before:

# Environment Variables

## Config

 - `LISTEN_ADDRESS` (**required**, non-empty, default: `:8080`) - HTTP server bind address.
 - `REAL_IP_HEADER` (default: `false`) - Get client IP address from the "Real-IP" header.
 - `ACCESS_TOKEN` - Token required to access the API. If set, the value must be provided as a `token` query parameter.
 - `PUBLIC_URL` (**required**, non-empty) - This app's public URL.
 - `NIGHTSCOUT_URL` (**required**, non-empty) - Nightscout base URL
 - `NIGHTSCOUT_TOKEN` - Nightscout token. Using an access token is recommended instead of the API secret.
 - `NIGHTSCOUT_UNITS` - Blood sugar unit. (one of: mg/dL, mmol/L)
 - `FETCH_DELAY` (default: `30s`) - Time to wait before the next reading should be ready.\nIn testing, this seems to be about 20s behind, so the default is 30s to be safe.\nYour results may vary.
 - `FALLBACK_INTERVAL` (default: `30s`) - Normally, readings will be fetched when ready (after ~5m).\nThis interval will be used if the next reading time cannot be estimated due to sensor warm-up, missed readings, errors, etc.
 - `GRAPH_DURATION` (default: `6h`) - How far back in time the graph should go.
 - `HIGH_THRESHOLD` (default: `200`) - Where to draw the upper line.
 - `LOW_THRESHOLD` (default: `70`) - Where to draw the lower line.
 - `INVERT` - Render with a black background and a white foreground.
 - `INVERT_BELOW` (default: `55`) - Invert colors when below this value. (Stacks with the `INVERT` option)
 - `INVERT_ABOVE` (default: `300`) - Invert colors when above this value. (Stacks with the `INVERT` option)

Commit message:

feat(config): add `TIME_FORMAT` env and default to 12-hour time

config.md, after:

# Environment Variables

## Config

 - `LISTEN_ADDRESS` (**required**, non-empty, default: `:8080`) - HTTP server bind address.
 - `REAL_IP_HEADER` (default: `false`) - Get client IP address from the "Real-IP" header.
 - `ACCESS_TOKEN` - Token required to access the API. If set, the value must be provided as a `token` query parameter.
 - `PUBLIC_URL` (**required**, non-empty) - This app's public URL.
 - `NIGHTSCOUT_URL` (**required**, non-empty) - Nightscout base URL
 - `NIGHTSCOUT_TOKEN` - Nightscout token. Using an access token is recommended instead of the API secret.
 - `NIGHTSCOUT_UNITS` - Blood sugar unit. (one of: mg/dL, mmol/L)
 - `FETCH_DELAY` (default: `30s`) - Time to wait before the next reading should be ready.\nIn testing, this seems to be about 20s behind, so the default is 30s to be safe.\nYour results may vary.
 - `FALLBACK_INTERVAL` (default: `30s`) - Normally, readings will be fetched when ready (after ~5m).\nThis interval will be used if the next reading time cannot be estimated due to sensor warm-up, missed readings, errors, etc.
 - `TIME_FORMAT` (default: `3:04 PM`) - Customize the time format. Use `3:04 PM` for 12-hour time or `15:04` for 24-hour. See [time](https://pkg.go.dev/time) for more details.
 - `GRAPH_DURATION` (default: `6h`) - How far back in time the graph should go.
 - `HIGH_THRESHOLD` (default: `200`) - Where to draw the upper line.
 - `LOW_THRESHOLD` (default: `70`) - Where to draw the lower line.
 - `INVERT` - Render with a black background and a white foreground.
 - `INVERT_BELOW` (default: `55`) - Invert colors when below this value. (Stacks with the `INVERT` option)
 - `INVERT_ABOVE` (default: `300`) - Invert colors when above this value. (Stacks with the `INVERT` option)
